hi this is thomas from a small space
that come today when i was looking at my
group on facebook the bathroom space
photo zoom shot i saw one of my Facebook
friends they will samsung has uploaded a
kick-up endlessly used to never that is
an awesome GigaPan to do with this what
what is this we have here in the middle
looks like a rock is it a rock
what is it let's get a little bit closer
here step by step the closer we get the
more not natural does it appear take a
look at this one what's that inside is
that some frames but what is it what's
that around a nail on the top and to get
the bottom of it Isis looks like there
are some some pipes or tubes coming out
this is awesome
I choose to give the name to this video
and at you tuned doctor's videos Thank
You NASA because I think this is what
NASA is doing now they are coming
forward slowly without actually saying
it but showing it slowly slowly slowly
listen this brewing and there's less
hiding take a look at this one here what
do we have here in the middle and not
just in the middle or around this
picture take a look at it guys how much
more proof do we need this look like one
big giant to please feel what do you
think it is leave a comment in the
comment box on YouTube or Facebook this
videos gonna be long so
leaned backwards in their sofa and be
ready to take a little to around on this
GigaPan here because this is awesome
thank you maybe for your hard work
Neville is doing a really tough job with
all his kike pants take a look at this
one here it's awesome what is it it
doesn't look very natural is something
that's been destroyed and is a the lift
hours of what is this wave here it's a
okay
I've seen this Giga been here before I
start this video so so I prepared a
little bit around here and then I'm
amazed about this one
Thank You neighs I thought for coming
forward with some of these things you
normally would blur a hype for us what's
that in the background here the black
and natural rough doesn't it just be
we'll come on with your comments and
YouTube our Facebook and you can go to
bathroom space for the song club and
find this key Japan you can find it and
never come to us on through let's call
alien life public group that's an
awesome cool tool and you'll also be
able to find it in emi exclusive passing
which is by rama by lon my good friend
also go find it or take their use the
link and i have provided you with it at
the end of this video here here it is
that rock again there is something
inside and that's something does not
look natural
what do you think now just take a look
over here see the inside here there's
something here also what is that can you
guys see what that is I can't
it's not natural not natural
to look at all of this this is other
debris is field or a crest side what is
that in the middle some some I cannot
even describe it it looks so artificial
it looks like metal it looks like part
of something just spread all over this
is awesome this is amazing I have never
ever I'm like ha ha is not off we see
images that are so good as as this one
is what was that that looks like
something out of a Star Trek a sci-fi
some people would just call it a rugged
what's that is that it look at that it
looks like it has six oh six sides and
the pole like is feel like something in
the middle that's awesome that's awesome
I'm gonna make an album and put it up in
the mast moon space for the song shop
where you can find the the pictures and
also the link if you don't use that
again provided you wait here chicks with
this one also this is amazing work this
cannot be right and what's that in in
the middle
have no idea this is Soviet so sprigs
cutter rocks come on guys this is Mesa
coming fo out of their own way
is to be labeled they are showing us
bite by bite what's on mass piece by
piece step by step this is so awesome
thank you so much Mason but taking this
step forward and stop showing us these
things instead of just hide them for us
take a look at this one down right here
coming into the middle here it's also a
weird one what is that if rock I created
to look like that then system damn we
erect rocks the heaven Mars huh this is
such a great pika pain I can't thank
Neville Thompson for the creation of
this enough never had really done a
tough assignment all these say kike
pansy have produced you should go and
check out your pen come and just right
Neville in the search bar you will find
all of his key depends test awesome job
he has done what is this we have found
here I'm cute coming up with what what
is that
and again here in the middle sorry I
hope it already I can stuff I have to go
over all this again here this is
to me the proof of two thing one a
civilization that 1000 mascots five in
the middle I'll be having faces here
also oh is it a little print with little
your for what is that let's feel like
optic also first thing is nicer coming
forward and their own number way I
cannot thank them enough
thank you is a for showing us life on
Mars